I do have to pay poisonous they got bit
that that's the beautiful water snake
yeah I've never seen a water snake with
this pretty of patterns dang he's so
cool
look at that man that's incredible
see that
man I got
he's beautiful this might have been what
we saw that other time
okay we found out this is the Northern
Water Snake and so let's take a good
close-up look at him as you can see he's
got a really really cool defined pattern
it's a almost like cheetah spots and all
the way down his back and it also goes
into a broadband sort of pattern and he
sort of orangish looking - it's sort of
like a dark orange all the way across
he's really neat looking a little snake
and like around his mouth right here
he got sort of like an orangish looking
tent right along that area and he's not
a real big one sort of small but uh he's
got some really cool patterns all the
way across him yeah it's a really pretty
snake I didn't expect to see one that's
pretty I actually didn't know it was a
water snake when I first saw it um but
uh I just happened to notice that it was
but the coolest thing about this water
snake is definitely the belly because
the northern water snakes they have a
cool-looking belly but their pattern is
just solid black just black and white
and this one's got more of an orange to
brown with a little tin of yellow going
all the way down it and sort of like a
checkered pattern it's really pretty
this is definitely the prettiest water
snake we've caught so far I've never
caught one with patterns like this so
this is definitely something different
he's really cool
let me get a better shot of his head
okay no maybe
you seem good
okay better I guess when I'm gonna take
this little guy right here get some
photos and uh hopefully we're gonna find
a lot more water snakes up here in these
Rapids so y'all stay tuned alright we're
gonna release this northern water snake
back in the water down here
you